README.md, before:

# [ChartMuseum](https://github.com/kubernetes-helm/chartmuseum/) Resource for [Concourse CI](https://concourse.ci/)

Fetches, verifies and publishes Helm Charts from a running ChartMuseum instance.

This resource works probably best in conjunction with the [Helm resource](https://github.com/linkyard/concourse-helm-resource)
which can be used to perform Helm deployments into Kubernetes clusters.

## Requirements

* A running ChartMuseum instance (this resource has been tested with v0.7.1)

## Installation

Add a new resource type to your Concourse CI pipeline:

```yaml
 resource_types:
 - name: chartmuseum
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: cathive/concourse-chartmuseum-resource
    tag: latest # For reproducible builds use a specific tag and don't rely on "latest".
```

## Source Configuration

* `server_url`: *Required.* The address of the Chartmuseum instance. Must end with a slash.

* `chart_name`: *Required* The name of the chart to operate upon.

* `version_range`: Optional parameter that can be used to specify a (SemVer) version range
  that must match when checking for new charts, e.g. `=1.2.0`, `^2.0.0`, `~0.2.3` of `*`.

* `basic_auth_username`: Optional username to be used if your ChartMuseum is username/password protected.
  If provided, the paramter `basic_auth_password` must also be specified.

* `basic_auth_password`: Optional password to be used if your ChartMuseum is username/password protected.
  If provided, the paramter `basic_auth_username` must also be specified.

## Behavior

The resource implements all three actions (check, in and out).

### check: Check for new versions of the Helm chart

Checks for new versions of the specified Helm chart.
If a semver version range has been specified in the `source`configuration it will be
honored when checking new versions.

### in: Fetches the chart and (optionally) verifies it's provenance

Places the JSON object that describes the Helm chart into the destination directory
along with the package and it's provenance file.

The basename of these three files will be in the format `${chart_name}-${chart_version}`
unless overwritten by the parameter `target_basename`.

#### "in" Parameters

* `target_basename`: Optional parameter that can be used to change the name of the
  input files that will be written.

### out: Push an updated version of the Helm chart

#### "out" Parameters

* `chart`: *Required* Path to the tgz-archive or a folder that contains the chart to be
  uploaded. If a folder has been specified instead of a tgz file, this folder will be
  packaged prior to uploading it's contents to the ChartMuseum instance.

* `version`: Optional parameter that can be used to override the "version" field in the
  chart's `Chart.yaml` file. If the override version is stored in a file, you can use the
  parameter `version_file` instead.

* `version_file`: Optional parameter that points to a file that contains a version string
  that should be used to override the version specified in the chart's `Chart.yaml` file.

* `sign`: Optional parameter that indicates if the chart package should be signed using a
  GPG key. If set to `true` either `key_data` or `key_file` must be specified as well.

* `key_data`: If `sign` has been set to `true`, this parameter can be used to pass the
  key that shall be used to sign the chart package.

* `key_file`: If `sign` has been set to `true`, this parameter can be used to pass the
  location of a file that contains the GPG key that shall be used to sign the chart
  package.

* `key_passphrase`: If `sign` has been set to `true` this parameter can be used to
  specifcy the passphrase that protects the GPG signing key that shall be used to sign
  the chart package.

Commit message:

Add flag to force-overwrite existing chart files.
This mitigates issue #5.

README.md, after:

# [ChartMuseum](https://github.com/kubernetes-helm/chartmuseum/) Resource for [Concourse CI](https://concourse.ci/)

Fetches, verifies and publishes Helm Charts from a running ChartMuseum instance.

This resource works probably best in conjunction with the [Helm resource](https://github.com/linkyard/concourse-helm-resource)
which can be used to perform Helm deployments into Kubernetes clusters.

## Requirements

* A running ChartMuseum instance (this resource has been tested with v0.7.1)

## Installation

Add a new resource type to your Concourse CI pipeline:

```yaml
 resource_types:
 - name: chartmuseum
  type: docker-image
  source:
    repository: cathive/concourse-chartmuseum-resource
    tag: latest # For reproducible builds use a specific tag and don't rely on "latest".
```

## Source Configuration

* `server_url`: *Required.* The address of the Chartmuseum instance. Must end with a slash.

* `chart_name`: *Required* The name of the chart to operate upon.

* `version_range`: Optional parameter that can be used to specify a (SemVer) version range
  that must match when checking for new charts, e.g. `=1.2.0`, `^2.0.0`, `~0.2.3` of `*`.

* `basic_auth_username`: Optional username to be used if your ChartMuseum is username/password protected.
  If provided, the paramter `basic_auth_password` must also be specified.

* `basic_auth_password`: Optional password to be used if your ChartMuseum is username/password protected.
  If provided, the paramter `basic_auth_username` must also be specified.

## Behavior

The resource implements all three actions (check, in and out).

### check: Check for new versions of the Helm chart

Checks for new versions of the specified Helm chart.
If a semver version range has been specified in the `source`configuration it will be
honored when checking new versions.

### in: Fetches the chart and (optionally) verifies it's provenance

Places the JSON object that describes the Helm chart into the destination directory
along with the package and it's provenance file.

The basename of these three files will be in the format `${chart_name}-${chart_version}`
unless overwritten by the parameter `target_basename`.

#### "in" Parameters

* `target_basename`: Optional parameter that can be used to change the name of the
  input files that will be written.

### out: Push an updated version of the Helm chart

#### "out" Parameters

* `chart`: *Required* Path to the tgz-archive or a folder that contains the chart to be
  uploaded. If a folder has been specified instead of a tgz file, this folder will be
  packaged prior to uploading it's contents to the ChartMuseum instance.

* `force`: Optional parameter that can be used to force the upload of the chart,
  even if the version to be uploaded does already exist on the server. Enforcement
  only works, if the ChartMuseum server has *not* been started with the
  `--disable-force-overwrite` flag, though.

* `version`: Optional parameter that can be used to override the "version" field in the
  chart's `Chart.yaml` file. If the override version is stored in a file, you can use the
  parameter `version_file` instead.

* `version_file`: Optional parameter that points to a file that contains a version string
  that should be used to override the version specified in the chart's `Chart.yaml` file.

* `sign`: Optional parameter that indicates if the chart package should be signed using a
  GPG key. If set to `true` either `key_data` or `key_file` must be specified as well.

* `key_data`: If `sign` has been set to `true`, this parameter can be used to pass the
  key that shall be used to sign the chart package.

* `key_file`: If `sign` has been set to `true`, this parameter can be used to pass the
  location of a file that contains the GPG key that shall be used to sign the chart
  package.

* `key_passphrase`: If `sign` has been set to `true` this parameter can be used to
  specifcy the passphrase that protects the GPG signing key that shall be used to sign
  the chart package.
